feat: move configuration functions from hc-sandbox (#4592)
holochain/holochain: crates/holochain_conductor_config/README.md

# holochain_conductor_config

> A crate that handles generation of conductor configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A crate that handles generation of Holochain conductor configurations through CLI commands.
```
